Justin Day: Hey there, how's it going? Matt Bailey: Good! Good morning, Justin. How you doing? Justin Day: Doing well, doing well. Matt Bailey: Alright, there is one. Fantastic. Matt Bailey: Justin, where are you from? Justin Day: I am in the Austin, Texas area, what about you? Matt Bailey: Oh, fantastic! I am… I'm just north of you, in Ohio. Justin Day: Oh, yeah, way up there. Matt Bailey: Alright, they should be joining us here real soon. Matt
Bailey: Austin, yeah, we've got some team members in Austin, so… kind of spread out around, all over the place. Justin Day: Yeah, there's a lot of… a lot of talent out here in Austin. It's a great place to be. Matt Bailey: Yeah, I think I was… yeah, I was out there, did some work for IBM, did some training for them. Nice, yeah. And, yeah, got to spend a week out there. I think I ate more barbecue
than was, allowed. Justin Day: Yeah, you gotta be careful, that barbecue sauce will get you. It's, it's not meant for going out afterwards. That's a good night food. Matt Bailey: That's when you, you know, you need a good IPA to cut it, you know, cut it down or something. Justin Day: And then you're just off to bed after that, for sure. Matt Bailey: Yeah, we did not do too much after that, but yeah, that was, great
town. Great town there. Justin Day: Yeah. Matt Bailey: Nico, how you doing this morning? Juan Nicolas Villamil: Hello, doing amazing. Ad, how are you doing, Justin? Juan Nicolas Villamil: Good, how are you doing? Nice to meet you. Justin Day: Yeah, you as well. Matt Bailey: Alright, Justin, I'm gonna introduce you to Nico. He's gonna walk you through the setup, and so there'll probably be some screen sharing. I'll just be hanging on here just to listen in
and check on, but other than that, I'm gonna hand it over to Nico. Justin Day: Sounds good, thank you, Matt. Matt Bailey: Alright, Justin. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Okay, amazing. So, Justin, some quick setup just to understand and to make it easier for you. Are you familiar with Cloud Code? Do you already have it installed on your computer? Have you interacted before with NCP tools? Justin Day: No, I have not. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Alright, amazing. So I
think it's gonna be a very fun session. So, we'll need to do some, downloads, so I'll send you the links right now, so we can start working on them. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Second… Mmm… Okay. So, first one will be to install this application, please. Juan Nicolas Villamil: spelled WARP. Juan Nicolas Villamil: This is gonna allow us to interact easily with agents. It is in a GenTech development platform. Juan Nicolas Villamil: And that's a lot of what
we will be doing on the Mastermind, interacting with agents. So, Juan Nicolas Villamil: Yeah, that would be kind of the first step. Do you have a… cloud account? Justin Day: I don't think so. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Okay, so we'll also need, like, a cloud account subscription. The basic subscription, it's okay, but once we start automating more work… more workflows for your agency branch, and… Juan Nicolas Villamil: You might want to have, like, a… A better membership?
Juan Nicolas Villamil: don't… to you, the Spot AI. Juan Nicolas Villamil: H as well. Juan Nicolas Villamil: It's an amazing tour, you're gonna love it. Justin Day: Yeah, excited. What… so I downloaded… Justin Day: Warp. Now, what about Cloud? Oh, Cloud? Juan Nicolas Villamil: Yeah, close. Justin Day: Okay, yeah. Oh, yeah. Okay… I don't have an account with them, but I'll go ahead and… should I go for the desktop app? Juan Nicolas Villamil: No, you don't
have to get the desktop app for God. Just, like, the normal subscription is okay. I think it's 20 bucks? 25? Justin Day: Yeah. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Yeah, that would be good. Justin Day: Second… Justin Day: Yeah, I primarily have been on ChatGPT, and I just have been afraid to make the switch. I know you can carry it over, I just have so much history with Justin Day: That… Justin Day: So I want to figure out how
to carry that over, but… Juan Nicolas Villamil: Yeah, like, the context, it gets to know you, the projects and all that, it's… Justin Day: Yeah. Justin Day: It's a lot of valuable data once it can tailor to you. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Sadly. Justin Day: Let's see here… Okay… Alright, so… I'm in on Claude. Justin Day: I ain't got the… pro plan… Justin Day: Second… okay, that's good to go. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Nothing. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Alright,
so… Juan Nicolas Villamil: Now, what we want to do is install Cloud, but we will not be, like, interacting with it, like, with the typical chat. Juan Nicolas Villamil: we will be interactive with it with our terminal. So, I'll give you a command that we can use in our terminal to install Cloud. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Give me one second. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Been a BC out in the world. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Down to chat. Juan Nicolas
Villamil: So, what's gonna happen right now is that, actually, Claude is gonna have access to our computer, just to the folder that we give permission to. Juan Nicolas Villamil: But… Juan Nicolas Villamil: The more information we put in that folder, or the more connections we enable cloud to you, the more powerful it's gonna be, and the speed is just so, incredible and amazing. Juan Nicolas Villamil: So, let's put this command on the… on the terminal of,
of your Mac. Juan Nicolas Villamil: And this way, we will solve, but… And… For… Yeah. For our computers. Justin Day: Okay. Justin Day: This is for Windows, by the way, I got an error on that. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Oh, okay, give me one second, and… Juan Nicolas Villamil: Since we have, like, different… in my terminal… Juan Nicolas Villamil: Okay, but yeah, that's… this is supposed to work. What error do you… Toads. Justin Day: this. Juan Nicolas
Villamil: Mmm, okay, so you will not… you don't need to stall… Bash. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Alright, it's okay. Juan Nicolas Villamil: And… Let me give you the other… Can Lance. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Let me check in. Juan Nicolas Villamil: So, quick question, Justin. Are you… Juan Nicolas Villamil: Agency owner, what, what do you expect, like, from the… from the program. Justin Day: Yeah, I'm an agency owner, and I've used Search Atlas for the last 3 or
4 years, and just knowing that there's, you know, you guys have the MCP availability, and, you know, I want to streamline all of my processes, because most of my business is fulfilled leveraging Search Atlas, but humans are the ones making the button clicks, where I can… I've got a system for it, so I want to automate the whole thing, so… Justin Day: I'm excited to do that. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Okay, yeah, that's right. And typically, like,
how do you communicate with your clients? Do you use, like, Slack, ClickUp? What's your… Justin Day: Typically, we're going email so that we don't get overloaded with messages. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Hmm, okay. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Alright, so that's nice, because with this MCP, like, you will be able to connect to not just your chat list, but your email provider and other different tools that we have. Juan Nicolas Villamil: So that's… that's great. Okay, so now, can
we go, please, to Barb and see maybe if it was, installed? Juan Nicolas Villamil: Yes. Justin Day: Asian, driven to. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Yeah, agent? Yeah, yeah, exactly, that's cool. Juan Nicolas Villamil: And let's go full, please. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Okay, so we want to create a folder where everything that we're going to do in the mastermind will live. So, feel free to create one, and once it is created, we can just open a warp inside
that. Juan Nicolas Villamil: That particular, folder. Justin Day: True. Justin Day: Let's see… Justin Day: Okay. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Okay, got it. So, now we're in Warp. What's Warp? Warp is like an agent that will help you to do stuff, and inside of it, we're gonna run a cloud code. Juan Nicolas Villamil: So, actually, for this, let's try to put the command that I sent to you right there, and probably it will help you to install
it, or help you debug it. Juan Nicolas Villamil: So, yeah, we think we just, like, next, enter. Juan Nicolas Villamil: N, and… Juan Nicolas Villamil: Coe. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Yeah, so I'm slowing. I'm also trying to block you. Juan Nicolas Villamil: From the console, just finding the… Juan Nicolas Villamil: Or I can, double your case. Second? Justin Day: Isn't that what I do? Juan Nicolas Villamil: Okay, so, yeah, we are on the… on the folder. Let's
try to paste the… this command. Juan Nicolas Villamil: One second… I'll just paste… I'll just paste it again on… not again. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Now, on the… on the chat. So, Claude… Needs, like, some, Juan Nicolas Villamil: like, develop the tools in order to run. So, that's what we're gonna sell there. Yeah, we can press enter. Juan Nicolas Villamil: And… It will solve that tools for you. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Can you see it? Juan Nicolas Villamil:
Okay, so it seems that it didn't got it, unfortunately. Okay, you see that, like, install home view? Yeah, exactly. There, you can click it. Juan Nicolas Villamil: And we'll start it for you. Exactly. So that's the cool thing about this, console, that you might not have, like. Juan Nicolas Villamil: the exact command. Juan Nicolas Villamil: But it will help you. Justin Day: Little guess, so that's so cool. Wow. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Yeah, exactly. Juan Nicolas Villamil:
So, this will take, a little bit. Okay, so it's giving you the different, like, steps for doing it, right? Juan Nicolas Villamil: So, you can type, like, hey, I'm on Mac, because I think this thing is giving you, like, Juan Nicolas Villamil: a Power… a PowerShell, like, installation, and it will… Give you the process. Justin Day: This is on Windows. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Yeah, exactly. I don't know what's happening, like… Juan Nicolas Villamil: Yeah, like, I'm
on Mac, and it will give you the… Justin Day: What do I say to it? Juan Nicolas Villamil: Yeah, like, I'm on Mac, can you give me the commands to install it on the Mac, please? Jonathan Duque: Windows. Juan Nicolas Villamil: You are on Windows. Okay, sorry. Juan Nicolas Villamil: I thought, okay, now it makes sense, I'm so sorry that I'm schools. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Yeah, yeah, so let's go through the process, and it actually got
to come out for your Windows laptop, so it's okay. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Would you get me good… Matt Bailey: Do you want me to get ASMAR? I'm sorry, I thought this was a Mac setup as well. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Yeah. Matt Bailey: Or JD's on here as well, if we wanna… Juan Nicolas Villamil: Yeah, yeah. Juan Nicolas Villamil: It's… it's okay, it's okay. Justin Day: Do you want me to ask it? Juan Nicolas Villamil: Yeah, yeah,
like… Juan Nicolas Villamil: So, you already have it, so basically what you have to do is it already gives you the commands, and we go a little bit up? Juan Nicolas Villamil: Yeah, analystically… On the right, please. Juan Nicolas Villamil: You see 0.1? Juan Nicolas Villamil: Yeah, exactly, yeah, running the terminal, that will help you. Juan Nicolas Villamil: So, then we click enter, and it will… Juan Nicolas Villamil: It will run for you, so we can't
sell it. Juan Nicolas Villamil: So let's go ahead, please. Justin Day: This one. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Yeah, that's okay. Juan Nicolas Villamil: So yeah, since we're going to install these agents, then they will be able to perform, like, all these different activities. They need, like, the tools to do it. So this is why we need to install, like, Git, and all these different… Justin Day: Makes sense. Juan Nicolas Villamil: functionalities. So, just to give you, like,
a brief explanation, once, like, everything, loads, so I already installed it. Juan Nicolas Villamil: And… Okay, I think we're good. What happens if we talk… if we try to… do plot now. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Okay, check the install kit versions, can we click that one? Yeah, exactly. So make sure which one we have. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Yeah, so it's not installed on the iPad, you'll have to install it on your pad. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Mmm… Let
me get excellent after yours. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Okay, so when we sell Git, sometimes it doesn't run on the terminal. So, let's do the following. Juan Nicolas Villamil: What happens if we try to run this for plot now, this last command? Juan Nicolas Villamil: Does it allow us to run? We already saw, like, part of the dependencies. Juan Nicolas Villamil: So… Justin Day: orb. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Yeah, exactly, and work. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Fuck, I gave
you the max. Juan Nicolas Villamil: So fun. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Yeah, this is the one for… All of them does. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Are we assembled to you? Justin Day: Install those. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Yeah, that's still not this row. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Okay, so what, this is Saul. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Just gonna give you, like, a brief overview of what Street Chat was MCB, and what are we gonna do right here. Juan Nicolas Villamil: So,
let's go through the flow, like, yeah, like, first point, off… Like, going in terminal, Yeah, exactly. Juan Nicolas Villamil: But, okay, like, NCP is, like, these languages that, AI agents have amount of results. Juan Nicolas Villamil: So what happens is that Insert Chat+, like, all the different tools that we have, we expose them, so agents are able to know what they do, how to communicate with them, and how to, like, analyze their results. Juan Nicolas Villamil:
So, what we're bringing through right now is to… Juan Nicolas Villamil: Have the agents connected. Yeah, let's continue with that one. Juan Nicolas Villamil: So, with Cloud Code, you're not just able to connect to Search Atlas MCP and do, like, all these different, activities that we show you, like, run the 5 days of Search Atlas in just 2 hours. Juan Nicolas Villamil: You will also be able to connect to these different tools, like your email, like
Figma, all the different, like, agency tools that you have, and this will help you stream up your process so, so fast. Juan Nicolas Villamil: And… Okay, so we already installed Node, which is good, but it's not on path right now, so… Juan Nicolas Villamil: Let me just try to fix this, for you. One second… Juan Nicolas Villamil: Matt, I think, Ismar is in the waiting room. Can we accept him? I don't have the… Matt Bailey: Yep.
Juan Nicolas Villamil: Hey, Smart, how are you doing, man? Ismar Costa - SA: Hey, Nico, how are you guys? Juan Nicolas Villamil: Very smart. Juan Nicolas Villamil: So, quick intro, Justin, he's installing, the… Juan Nicolas Villamil: Mastermind on his Windows computer, we already installed Git, we already installed Node, but they're not on the path right now, so we need to install them on the path of the computer, so he's able to, when he runs Cloud Code,
like, he's able to run it also from the path. Juan Nicolas Villamil: So, Justin, I'm so sorry, I'm gonna hang here to Ismar. He's more specialized in Windows, I thought you were Matt. Juan Nicolas Villamil: And you or Matt, but he will take care of the… Of the, of the process. Justin Day: Perfect, thank you. Ismar Costa - SA: Great. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Okay. Juan Nicolas Villamil: Dude. Ismar Costa - SA: Okay, Justin, quick question. Do
you have, bash installed already. Justin Day: I don't think so. Ismar Costa - SA: Okay, a second. I'll send you a comment. Ismar Costa - SA: We're going to have to install a Linux sub-system for your Windows, because Cloud Code has a lot of conflicts with PowerShell. So, by installing this, we're going to enable you to use Bash instead. Ismar Costa - SA: Okay. Ismar Costa - SA: Okay, let me get you the command. Ismar Costa
- SA: And that's… Ismar Costa - SA: Okay, before we proceed, let me see if there's anything… any other dependency. Besides Node.js and Warp, did you install anything else? Justin Day: Homebrew? Ismar Costa - SA: Okay. Justin Day: you get. Ismar Costa - SA: Okay, let me send in the chat. Send this command to… One warp. Ismar Costa - SA: Like, just the WSL install portion. Justin Day: this. Ismar Costa - SA: Yeah, you can delete
the… the portion on the top, just WSL. Ismar Costa - SA: Yeah, there's one. Justin Day: It wants me to reboot. Ismar Costa - SA: Yes, you're gonna have to reboot, but not now. Let's finish some other… Ismar Costa - SA: But then you're gonna have to use Bash. Do you have the link for the meeting? Is it okay for you to reboot? Justin Day: Yeah. Ismar Costa - SA: Because then it's going to launch the
Linux subsystem. Justin Day: Yeah, I can reboot and come back. Ismar Costa - SA: Alright, we will hang tight. Justin Day: Okay, thank you. Matt Bailey: Did we lose him? Ismar Costa - SA: Nope, he's rebooting his system after getting installed. Matt Bailey: Okay, that was quite… Ismar Costa - SA: Windows is… Matt Bailey: Yeah, mine. Ismar Costa - SA: I mean, is this guy online. Matt Bailey: My apologies, I thought he said he was on
a Mac, so… that's how I scan it. Ismar Costa - SA: We're good. Justin Day: Hey, there. Ismar Costa - SA: Hey there, not all good? Justin Day: Should be good. Ismar Costa - SA: Nice, run that warp terminal again, and… Let's proceed. Ismar Costa - SA: Okay. Alright, so you see on the top right, you have a drop-down arrow? No, on the top left, sorry, yeah. And click on bash.exe. Ismar Costa - SA: There we
go, now you are running on Bash. Ismar Costa - SA: So, we shouldn't have, more problems. Ismar Costa - SA: Here, let's just… Install the Git package. Ismar Costa - SA: So… Let me send you the comments. Ismar Costa - SA: Right, try running this command. Justin Day: You want me to run this other one? Ismar Costa - SA: Yeah, you can run it. Ismar Costa - SA: Then you can run this one. Justin Day: Do
you want me to do either of those, or do you want me to just run what you just sent over? Ismar Costa - SA: Second… Ismar Costa - SA: Let's… let's run a different command. Ismar Costa - SA: Instead of pseudos, so you don't have to… To install it. Ismar Costa - SA: Let's use per instead. Justin Day: So, this other one? Justin Day: Or are you writing one out? Ismar Costa - SA: No, I'm sending…
I'm… Send you any new script for this. Justin Day: Oh, good. Ismar Costa - SA: Let's do, this instead. Like, while, rebuilding the script with all this, open a new tab, and you need to open it as an admin. Ismar Costa - SA: So… can you click on… right-click on the warp? Ismar Costa - SA: Icon on the bottom, yeah. Ismar Costa - SA: right-click on work now, on the… Ismar Costa - SA: No, no, on
Warp of the first item that showed up on the list. Ismar Costa - SA: Yeah. Ismar Costa - SA: Run as administrator. Ismar Costa - SA: Alright, now… Yeah, you're running on… try running the sudo, the first one, command again. Ismar Costa - SA: Should be fine on indoors. Ismar Costa - SA: No, it's not working either. Okay. Ismar Costa - SA: Alright, now, open a new one with that method using a… the… the drop. Ismar
Costa - SA: arrow on the top left, so we can do something in parallel, open the bash. Ismar Costa - SA: Yeah, let me see if you have Pro installed, so we can do it. Ismar Costa - SA: Instead, with it… Ismar Costa - SA: Run this command I sent you on the chat, the last one. Ismar Costa - SA: Okay, perfect. You already have it. Ismar Costa - SA: So let's… Proceed with the installation using
CURL. Ismar Costa - SA: Let me just check if the NPM or the nodes… Ismar Costa - SA: JS was correctly installed, run this new… this command as well. Ismar Costa - SA: Okay… It's great. Ismar Costa - SA: Now, let's install plot. Ismar Costa - SA: And run this one. Ismar Costa - SA: Also, click on that… yes, you can click there. Ismar Costa - SA: Nice, now press the arrow key up, that should give
you the last command. Ismar Costa - SA: Again? Ismar Costa - SA: Until you go to the Anthropic one, so one more time. Ismar Costa - SA: No, below that? Ismar Costa - SA: Yes, this one, presenter. Justin Day: Do I click to check the funding? Ismar Costa - SA: Yeah, you can go ahead. Ismar Costa - SA: Let me check one thing. Run this command as well. Ismar Costa - SA: Right, let's, Ismar Costa -
SA: Let's ignore the founding part and run this command to set it to false, and let's proceed with the regular installation. Ismar Costa - SA: Okay, now run this. Let's see if it works, or if we need to run it again. Ismar Costa - SA: Okay, perfect. Ismar Costa - SA: No… Let's, let's actually run Cloud Code. Is Cloud Code, is Cloud already authenticated in your browser? Justin Day: Yes, I believe so. Ismar Costa - SA:
Q. Ismar Costa - SA: So… Yeah. You can run this command. Ismar Costa - SA: on the terminal. Ismar Costa - SA: And always, like, have you used Cloud Code before? Justin Day: No. Not, not, no, I'm not. Ismar Costa - SA: Alright, so every time you open a new window or a new terminal, you need to open Cloud in there, and I suggest you open using this command I shared with you, because, otherwise, it's going
to ask you a bunch of technical confirmations that you might, not… Ismar Costa - SA: Know how to answer? Or… Ismar Costa - SA: Well, it might not be in your interest to answer those. So just run the cloud dangerously key permissions, because this way, it will always bypass these… Ismar Costa - SA: Questions? Ismar Costa - SA: I've sent you the command, yeah. Ismar Costa - SA: There we go. Ismar Costa - SA: So yeah,
press enter so you can go through with the dark mode. Ismar Costa - SA: Select this one, the first one. Ismar Costa - SA: And that will open your browser so you can authenticate. Justin Day: Is it this folder, or are we going… is it the folder I set up? Ismar Costa - SA: Mmm… Ismar Costa - SA: It's okay, you can click on me as I trust this folder, it's just so I can… we can
confirm it's installed. Ismar Costa - SA: Yes, I accept. Ismar Costa - SA: Right, nice. So you are in and already authenticated. The next step is to, install the Ismar Costa - SA: Search Atlas MCP. So, for that, do you already have a folder you want to… to use for this? Because whenever, like, you're running projects, it's important to have… you to have already a specific folder dedicated for that. Ismar Costa - SA: So you do?
Justin Day: Yeah. Ismar Costa - SA: Do you know the path of this folder? Justin Day: What's the best way to get the path? Ismar Costa - SA: You can open it. Ismar Costa - SA: Then you click on the navigation a couple times. Ismar Costa - SA: No, yeah, it works. Copy address. Ismar Costa - SA: Actually, click on copy address as text. Ismar Costa - SA: Yeah. Ismar Costa - SA: So, go back to
Cloud Code Terminal. Ismar Costa - SA: Type slash exit, no, no, slash exit. Ismar Costa - SA: Because, like, this is important. Whenever you run a Cloud Code terminal, you're running it inside the folder that you are selected in the warp. Ismar Costa - SA: So, right now, you are in warp location place, so let's, go back to the root, and then go to this, folder. So, you can type CD, Ismar Costa - SA: No, without
the slash, just CD. Ismar Costa - SA: Good. Ismar Costa - SA: Erase the S, or just CD, space. Ismar Costa - SA: No, do not press enter. Let me give you the full command. Just CD, space, now, paste the path. Ismar Costa - SA: Now go back to the C, and delete the… the column. Justin Day: This. Ismar Costa - SA: No, no, the… on the page, on the folder path, yeah. And also delete that
Ismar Costa - SA: Or is there a space there? Justin Day: There is a space. Justin Day: Delete, delete. Ismar Costa - SA: the essay as well. Ismar Costa - SA: Browse enter. Ismar Costa - SA: It's not sending? Justin Day: It's weird. Ismar Costa - SA: I'm gonna make sure command. Ismar Costa - SA: Really weird. Let's do it manually. So, Ismar Costa - SA: Like, it's in users, viral desktop. Okay, so, delete. Ismar Costa
- SA: all the path? Ismar Costa - SA: Now, go CD space dot dot. Ismar Costa - SA: Enter. Ismar Costa - SA: You can… Ismar Costa - SA: Now you're at seed users. What was it, Beth, again? Ismar Costa - SA: It's viral after that? Justin Day: Yeah. Ismar Costa - SA: Okay, so, erase everything, just keep CD space viral. Ismar Costa - SA: We are navigating through the terminal, through your folders, that's what we're
doing. Ismar Costa - SA: What was the next folder? Justin Day: Desktop. Ismar Costa - SA: Desktop, so CD desktop. Ismar Costa - SA: Now, type L, S, Enter. Ismar Costa - SA: It's going to list the… how the folders are written in there. So it's, yeah, you can copy… copy that. Ismar Costa - SA: Now, type CD. Ismar Costa - SA: Before it, CD space and enter. Ismar Costa - SA: We are in. Do you
see at the bottom? It's saying that you're in this folder? Okay, so now you can run that Cloud Dangerously skip permissions again. Ismar Costa - SA: When you see that, alien pixel, you're in. There you go. So, one important thing. Do you see that, Ismar Costa - SA: Below that… Orange, Aiden, you're seeing Sonnet 4.6. Ismar Costa - SA: This is one of the three models that you have on Cloud Code. So, if you type slash
model. Ismar Costa - SA: Enter. Ismar Costa - SA: you will see the options. So you have Sonnet, Opus, and Haiku. Opus burns through, tokens really fast, so you need to be mindful when using that. It's best for when you are laying out a plan, but if you are executing a plan or doing a Ismar Costa - SA: not as complex tasks, you always use Sonnet, and if, like, you're doing your day-to-day quick things that you
know that, is not complex at all, you change to Haiku. This way, you're going to optimize your, Ismar Costa - SA: Basically, your usage, bucket, okay? Ismar Costa - SA: Let's keep for, for the session on Sonnet, and by default, you should use it Ismar Costa - SA: As well, so you don't, Ismar Costa - SA: burned your tokens and don't have to, like, redo. So you press enter to confirm you'll want to keep there. And
now, type clone this repo, R-E-P-O. No, no slash. When you are inside Cloud, you don't need to use Slash anymore. It's just natural conversation. Ismar Costa - SA: So, clone this repo, and paste this link right here. Ismar Costa - SA: Okay, now let's see if, it's working with just these, repository. So, ask… Ismar Costa - SA: it to use your, new MCP to list the… your project account… your account… projects on your account. Ismar Costa
- SA: You might need to, reset the terminal, because… it's… Ismar Costa - SA: going to add the new MCP. Ismar Costa - SA: server… To your computer. Ismar Costa - SA: So your API key, you're… yeah, you're gonna find that inside dash, Search Atlas dashboard. Ismar Costa - SA: Okay, click that plug. Ismar Costa - SA: Our, settings works, too. Ismar Costa - SA: Go to API Keys, last one. Ismar Costa - SA: Yeah, copy,
this, and on the terminal, ask it to add this key to my .env pile. Justin Day: stop. Ismar Costa - SA: M, E, M, B. Ismar Costa - SA: N, N of nation. Justin Day: Oh, N? Ismar Costa - SA: Yes, and as nation. Justin Day: Second, sorry. Ismar Costa - SA: No problem. Justin Day: EMN file. Ismar Costa - SA: No, you can remove the M. It's a EMV. Justin Day: that. Ismar Costa - SA:
this one. Ismar Costa - SA: Yeah. Hit enter. Justin Day: I'll be right back, I gotta do something. Ismar Costa - SA: Okay. Ismar Costa - SA: Okay, can you confirm it lists it correctly? Ismar Costa - SA: Yeah. You know what that means? Ismar Costa - SA: Alright, so you are, set up for the session. You have the MCP connected. Ismar Costa - SA: and you have cloud cold and warm, warp, everything is working. Do
you have any questions on the… actually, let's do one thing. Let's set up your warp to always use Bash, so you don't need to worry about this when you're opening a new tab. Ismar Costa - SA: So, click on your profile picture on the top right. Ismar Costa - SA: Just… Ismar Costa - SA: Oops. Ismar Costa - SA: Find the keywords… Ismar Costa - SA: Okay, go to, settings. Ismar Costa - SA: Click on Features
on the left. Ismar Costa - SA: Scroll down to session, the… click on the default shell for new sessions. Ismar Costa - SA: The, like, the first one that we're… yes, there. And select Bash. Ismar Costa - SA: Yeah, there we go. Now, any new tab that you open, you will open straight on Bash, and Bash is where you need to trigger cloud code to do whatever you need. Ismar Costa - SA: So… Awesome. Ismar Costa
- SA: Quick check. Always check the lab… the folder you're at. Ismar Costa - SA: And then, if you need to navigate, see the double dot, you go back one folder, LS, you list the folders on the directory you're at, and see the folder name. Justin Day: Are you aware? Ismar Costa - SA: folder, you want. Ismar Costa - SA: This is when you're not inside Cloud. Like, when you're inside Cloud, you are on the folder
already. Justin Day: Right. Ismar Costa - SA: So… Like, what I suggest is whenever you, like, you're trying to build something inside the… this SAMM, Ismar Costa - SA: You type, M-K-D-I-R… Older… Name. This will create a new folder. Ismar Costa - SA: and then you type, CD folder name to go to that folder, you open Cloud, and you start working on the project you want. Ismar Costa - SA: This is only when you're actually building
something. If you just want to do a quick check on something, these projects, and do day-to-day work, you just go to the SAMM, and you trigger the Claude, dangerously skip permissions. Ismar Costa - SA: And you're good to go. Justin Day: Got it. And so, yeah, for creating a new project, I'd run this to create a new folder that would be for that project. Ismar Costa - SA: It's basically… Justin Day: But… Ismar Costa - SA:
You just replace the folder name thing, and . Justin Day: With a name. Ismar Costa - SA: Parentheses with the name that you want, yeah. Justin Day: Okay. Ismar Costa - SA: Okay. Justin Day: Great. Ismar Costa - SA: Then, yeah, you're ready for the session. Ismar Costa - SA: Do you have any questions? Justin Day: Awesome. Justin Day: No, that all does it. I appreciate the help. Ismar Costa - SA: Perfect, just on time as
well. So, I'll see you on the session. Justin Day: Alright, thank you, looking forward to it. Ismar Costa - SA: Right. Ismar Costa - SA: Take care, bye-bye. Matt Bailey: Alright, thanks a lot, guys. Justin Day: Thanks, Matt, appreciate it. Matt Bailey: Sure.